PrimaryDI|gmdnPTName|gmdnPTDefinition
05414734005838|Aortic bi-leaflet heart valve prosthesis|A sterile artificial substitute for a natural aortic heart valve intended to be implanted during open heart surgery typically to treat acquired or congenital valvular disease. It consists of two semicircular pyrolytic carbon-coated or polymer leaflets that rotate about pyrolytic carbon or metal struts attached to the valve housing by hinges, resulting in a total of three openings. When pressurized blood hits the valve, the two halves of the circle fold away from the valve ring and allow blood to flow into the three openings before the valve flaps close again.
00695684511111|Multiple urine analyte IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine for multiple analytes within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Urine glucose IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine for glucose within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Urine bilirubin IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine for bilirubin within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Urine ketone IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine for ketones within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Urine specific gravity IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine to determine specific gravity within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Urine blood IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine for blood within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Urine pH IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine to determine pH within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Urine protein IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine for protein within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Urine urobilinogen IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine for urobilinogen within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Urine nitrite IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine for nitrites within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Urine leukocyte IVD, kit, colorimetric dipstick, rapid|A collection of reagents and other associated materials intended to be used for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative screening of urine for leukocytes within a short period relative to standard laboratory testing procedures, using a colorimetric dipstick method. This test is commonly used in the laboratory or in point-of-care analyses.
00695684511111|Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) IVD, reagent|A substance or reactant intended to be used together with a parent IVD to perform a specific function in an assay that is used for the qualitative and/or quantitative detection of vitamin C (ascorbic acid) in a clinical specimen.
B066102357NS1|Cardiopulmonary bypass system tubing connector|A sterile plastic device designed to join two or more tubes of a cardiopulmonary bypass system circuit, typically to create an extension or shunt; it may also be used to connect ancillary disposable devices (e.g., temperature probe). It typically has a Y-shape or straight design and is profiled at its ends to create leak-proof connections. This is a single-use device.
00818009010209|Abdominal aorta endovascular stent-graft|A sterile non-bioabsorbable tubular device typically implanted at the junction of the abdominal aorta and the common iliac arteries to reduce pressure on an abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA). It is percutaneously inserted via the femoral artery to the site of implantation, with a disposable delivery device, where it self-expands. It is typically made of nickel-titanium alloy (Nitinol) that forms an outer mesh structure with an inner polymer tube (endovascular graft). It is typically available in two designs: 1) a single continuous tube for insertion into one iliac artery; or 2) a two-part bifurcation design (e.g., shaped as a Y in a tube form) for insertion through both iliac arteries.
EMAHKM710311|Orthopaedic bone wire|A device for short-term (e.g., used during the intervention to hold a plate in the correct position) or implantable use for the fixation of bone fractures. It is made of metallic material and may be used in a variety of ways: 1) as a cerclage wire to aid bone fixation; 2) in a loop or figure-of-eight configuration to reattach, e.g., the tip of the elbow (olecranon), tibial tubercle, or greater trochanter; 3) to augment bone screw and bone plate fixation; or 4) as a Kirschner wire or K-Wire to stiffen (arthrodese) a toe or finger. The device is usually made of stainless steel, cobalt-chrome (Co-Cr), or a titanium alloy. It may be malleable or stiff/rigid. This is a single-use device.
